So let's grade a function that will display that three different post in the bottom of in the bottom
of the website.
So if you're saying and actually can do one simple show hooks and I'm going for a lot sometimes it you
have to reload these in order to make these low low aspected.
So for example take up the page and you can see that this special banner boil by nature is taking the
priority of a so we can add the functions are up in the functions in going at some space you can see
the goal in the center of the screen.
And when I come in.
So that said something like these Blee that he posed in that speech.
Knowing what are going out function and as far and that's going to be called a comp H.
Underscore blog underscore entries then we're going to add an action.
Remember this is a home page.
And what I'm going to copy these and maybe we can add something like 90 something like that.
And they don't have a go and threes here to save these up in the browser.
Now we can just stop showing the hook so when I click here and they stop showing Cookes scroll to the
bottom you will find entries here.
So that's nice.
And next you can see that we have this title the latest from the blog and the three post.
So we're going to remove these and I'm going to add a V.
And then when I close BHB we're going to the beach close right here we're going to close this thing
up and raise.
Then I'm going add the in I'm going to call is welcome page blog entries.
And when I use this class to study this section with Jasus and then for example I'm going to have before
these going to add an edge to the class section titled This is a class that exist in a storefront.
So what are the latest blog entries.
So save these hand or Loek and I can see the latest blog entries
we need to center these.
And I was thinking that we had already sent at least in the previous years
when it sent dirties we're going to copy these based and I think Solomonson or so reloader again you
can see the latest blog and that is I think we can cut these and at least inside the leaps because everything
doesn't change anything but we have letters blog entries.
So if you really have experience working with Wordpress and you went to the Getty the database there
is a class or a function or a way to get the database that is called pick where it is a word when I
write the arguments.
And we're going to add an array.
So first we want to read the post.
The pause that we have added right in.
For example if you want to add if you want the database to display both you need to have post on the
score type and then you have a post where that comma because we want to add more content to this array
in we're going to post per page.
You can see that we only went to display three different posts and this is the way that you tell WordPress
many polls that you want to print.
In this case we passed three if you will not bring more post you can pass a different number right here.
So next we're going to order this order by.
And we're going to order them by date.
What do not use order by.
And the latest post is going to be displayed right here.
So now that's all they're And we use the send and so this is going to be the arguments for the sunray
and then we're going on the variable called entry's equals new Querrey.
And when we pass those arguments be ready and these arguments are going to be passed right here.
So next the next we have these H-2.
And inside these I'm going to Ireland or at least and then we're going to have a huge block.
I mean what are going to use.
Why entities have post.
This is the way that WordPress checks.
Now we have some post in the database and this is going to continue running these function then we use
entries depost and since we are acquiring the database in wordpress we need to add to the friend section
right here.
First we're using while it's more than I use and why I'd finish this execution.
And then since we're using the Olympic way always when you're working with Olympic ready to use the
underscore reset was the next I'm going to have a light right here.
And I'd say that I want to bring in that title.
So we're going to have an itch to be what you and I use that Deiter so save these and up in the front
and you can see that will cover titles of course the titles sort of song.
Some bad they are imprinted here.
So next for example you can see in the design that we have here we have also they imagine we have the
styro we have the outer of the entry that date Gunton and then we have these really more butan in the
next video we're going to finish this.
This is my piece of code to display all the different areas that are based.